README.md, before:

# Intro Programming Materials

----

## Summary

A collection of introductory programming materials, specifically used to help [PAGSS](https://sites.google.com/view/pagss-ud/home?authuser=0) members enrolled in PHYS660 at the University of Delaware. As of now, only python is covered.

## Required Software

Either:
* A Google account with access to [Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/) (your udel.edu account will work) or 
* A downloaded environment to run and edit python notebooks, such as Jupyter Notebook

If you choose the second option, know that installing Jupyter Notebook is beyond the scope of this workshop but doing so on [Windows](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-jupyter-notebook-in-windows/), [MacOS](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-jupyter-notebook-on-macos/?ref=rp), or [Linux](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-jupyter-notebook-in-linux/?ref=rp) are all well documented online.

----

## Overview of Material

All python notebook files with prefix `pagsspythonintro` are based on another online lesson plan[^1], linked [here](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/python-novice-programming-gapminder/). Translation to python notebooks was made available by Riley Clarke ([@RileyWClarke](https://github.com/RileyWClarke)).

`data`: Directory containing data files to be used with `pagsspythonintro2.ipynb` and `pagsspythonintro3.ipynb`.

`supplemental-notebooks`: Directory containing supplemental introductory python notebooks. Supplemental notebooks authored by Ben Flaggs ([@bflaggs](https://github.com/bflaggs)) and proofread by Cameron Frank ([@CameronPhysophy](https://github.com/CameronPhysophy)) 


[^1]: Azalee Bostroem, Trevor Bekolay, and Valentina Staneva (eds):  
  "Software Carpentry: Programming with Python."  Version 2016.06, June  
  2016, https://github.com/swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation,  
  10.5281/zenodo.57492.

Commit message:

Add quick sentence about more material to come

README.md, after:

# Intro Programming Materials

----

## Summary

A collection of introductory programming materials, specifically used to help [PAGSS](https://sites.google.com/view/pagss-ud/home?authuser=0) members enrolled in PHYS660 at the University of Delaware. As of now, only python is covered.

## Required Software

Either:
* A Google account with access to [Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/) (your udel.edu account will work) or 
* A downloaded environment to run and edit python notebooks, such as Jupyter Notebook

If you choose the second option, know that installing Jupyter Notebook is beyond the scope of this workshop but doing so on [Windows](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-jupyter-notebook-in-windows/), [MacOS](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-jupyter-notebook-on-macos/?ref=rp), or [Linux](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-install-jupyter-notebook-in-linux/?ref=rp) are all well documented online.

----

## Overview of Material

All python notebook files with prefix `pagsspythonintro` are based on another online lesson plan[^1], linked [here](https://carpentries-incubator.github.io/python-novice-programming-gapminder/). Translation to python notebooks was made available by Riley Clarke ([@RileyWClarke](https://github.com/RileyWClarke)).

`data`: Directory containing data files to be used with `pagsspythonintro2.ipynb` and `pagsspythonintro3.ipynb`.

`supplemental-notebooks`: Directory containing supplemental introductory python notebooks. Supplemental notebooks authored by Ben Flaggs ([@bflaggs](https://github.com/bflaggs)) and proofread by Cameron Frank ([@CameronPhysophy](https://github.com/CameronPhysophy)).

----

**Note**: This repo is still a work in progress, with more material coming in the future.


[^1]: Azalee Bostroem, Trevor Bekolay, and Valentina Staneva (eds):  
  "Software Carpentry: Programming with Python."  Version 2016.06, June  
  2016, https://github.com/swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation,  
  10.5281/zenodo.57492.
